[ENH] Add lazy imports to speed up the time taken to load pyjanitor (part 2) (#1180)
pyjanitor-devs/pyjanitor: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

> -   [ENH] Add lazy imports to speed up the time taken to load pyjanitor (part 2)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   [ENH] Add lazy imports to speed up the time taken to load pyjanitor. Issue #1059 @asmirnov69.
```
